## Components needed
- Nichrome wire x 1 roll
- Ring terminals x 2
- Brass spacer screw x 1

## Additional items needed
- Sewing Pin x 1
- Wire cutters
- Pliers 
- Callipers 

## Instructions for constructing the same nichrome element as the wild dog case study
1. Cut 90 mm of 28AWG nichrome element. 
2. Use wire cutters to cut the end of the ring terminal off so that all you have remaining is the crimping section. 
3. Wrap one end of the nichrome element around the screw, leaving only enough space at the wrapped end that would accommodate the length of the crimping section you created from the previous step.
4. Slide the created crimp onto the nichrome element and crimp closed the loop you have just created. Slide out the screw. 
5. Repeat steps 2-4 for the other end of the nichrome element. 
6. The crimped loops on each end should have taken around 17.5 mm of nichrome element to create. This means that you should have approximately 55 mm of straight nichrome from the end of one crimp to the end of the other crimp. Check if this is true using callipers. Any divergence could lead to the nichrome heating to higher temperatures (leading to an open flame) or not reaching high enough temperatures to melt the nylon line. Before deploying, you should pre-test your finished nichrome element in a controlled environment.
7.  Once you are happy that the space between the crimps is 55 mm (or whatever other length you choose), you need to coil the nichrome. To create consistent and tight coils, you will coil the nichrome element around the sewing pin. Starting at one end of the nichrome element, use the pliers to grasp the other end of the nichrome element and coil it tightly around the sewing pin. You want to have the coils as close together as possible. Once finished, slide the sewing pin out. 
8. Take the coiled nichrome element and gently stretch it to the appropriate width using the nichrome plate brass spacers to measure how long it should be. When stretching the nichrome element, you want to (a) keep the coils as consistently spaced as possible and (b) make sure that none of the coils are touching each other. 
