## Components needed
- Assembled drop-off plate x 1
- Assembled nichrome element x 1
- Assembled OpenDrop PCB x 1
- Nylon webbing with holes matching the drop-off plate x 1
- Brass spacer screws x 2
- Nylon line x 1 roll

## Additional items needed
- Scissors
- Pliers 
- Silicone lubricant (optional)
- Super glue (optional)
- Thread locker (optional)

## Instructions 

1. Screw the nichrome element onto the brass spacers using the crimped loops. 
2. Place the drop-off plate onto the nylon webbing – lining up the holes. 
3. Thread the nylon line through one nylon webbing hole and the associated hole on the drop-off plate's underside. Run the nylon line across the top of the plate lengthways, over the nichrome element, and back through the drop-off plate and nylon webbing. Once you have done this, you’ll need to tie the ends together to maintain the tension on the line. If the line is loose, there is poor contact with the nichrome element, so the line won’t be melted through when the nichrome element heats. The best knot I’ve found for this is the Weston Knot (typically used for surgery: see here for a demonstration on how to tie, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_CJI2GZFdQ)
Please note that if you have previously sealed your drop-off plate holes with silicon sealant, you must do two additional things. First, you’ll need to cut the leading end of the nylon line (the one that goes through the holes) at an angle, so it’s pointy enough to poke through the silicon. Second, you’ll need a silicon-based lubricant to coat the nylon line before poking it through the silicon. This second step means there’s enough slippage for the nylon line to flow through the holes when the line is severed. 
4. Repeat this for all five lines (or as many lines as you want).
5. Once you have all five lines (or as many as you want) tied, you can optionally add a small drop of super glue to the knot itself. This adds an extra layer of protection against the knot coming undone. However, be careful that no super glue gets between the drop-off plate and the nylon webbing, as this will prevent the plate from detaching. 
6. Unscrew the brass spacer screws. Attach the OpenDrop PCB to the system by threading the brass spacer screws through the OpenDrop wire loop and the nichrome element loop, then screw it all tightly to the brass spacer. If you’re worried about the screws coming undone with vibration, add a drop of thread locker glue to the screw as an extra safety step. 
7/ You now have a finished drop-off plate with a drop-off mechanism. Your final steps would be to (i) set the drop-off system date ([see here](https://doi.org/10.1111/2041-210X.13231) and the associated [GitHub repository](https://github.com/Wild-Spy/OpenDrop)), (ii) screw your user-designed housing for the sensors onto the drop-off plate, and (iii) bolt or rivet the nylon webbing onto the wildlife collar. 
